fixes for cs tables transaction behaviour (#23912)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/concepts/_includes/transactions.md

* *Stale Read-Only*: Read operations within a transaction may return results that are slightly out-of-date (lagging by fractions of a second). Each individual read returns consistent data, but no consistency between different reads is guaranteed.
* *Snapshot Read-Only*: All the read operations within a transaction access the database snapshot. All the data reads are consistent. The snapshot is taken when the transaction begins, meaning the transaction sees all changes committed before it began.

> {% note warning %}
> 
> Limitation for Online Read-Only and Stale Read-Only:  
> Reading from column tables is not supported in these modes. Attempts will fail with the following error:
> 
> `Read from column tables is not supported in Online Read-Only or Stale Read-Only transaction modes. Use Serializable or Snapshot Read-Only mode instead`.
> 
> For transactions that read column tables, use:
> * Serializable — the default mode;
> * Snapshot Read-Only — provides a read from consistent snapshot.
> 
> {% endnote %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% note warning %}

{% note warning "Limitation for Online Read-Only and Stale Read-Only" %}

Reading from [column-oriented tables](../datamodel/table.md#column-oriented-tables) is not supported in these modes. Attempts fail with the following error:

`Read from column tables is not supported in Online Read-Only or Stale Read-Only transaction modes. Use Serializable or Snapshot Read-Only mode instead.`

For transactions that read column-oriented tables, use:

* Serializable — the default mode.
* Snapshot Read-Only — provides a read from a consistent snapshot.

{% endnote %}
```
